As rightly said by James Cash Penney, "Growth is never by mere chance, it is the result of forces working together".			 I believe it is the zeal to grow personally and professionally that has brought me to realize that I can improve myself much more and be good not only in technical skills but also in their presentation in the ever-growing business world. 

​	 Completing my Bachelors of Engineering in Information Technology, I have always been a pursuer to learn new skills and strive to practically apply the courses taught and learn how the business market is changing with the rapid growth of technology. Keeping this in mind, I joined Whitehat Jr a leading Coding Platform. I am associated with the organization as a Coding Instructor, teaching Game Development, App Development and Python Programming to students. While working here I came in contact with students and parents not only from my home country India but also globally. It made me confident to interact with people from different countries which sharpened my communication as well as leadership skills while delivering a perfect class to a group. It made me realize the importance of global presence for a business and felt an urge to also be a part of the same. 

​				For me, MBA has always been a dream as I grew up because I feel it not only opens new business opportunities for me but also helps me grow and discover the different facets of my personality. Being a social person in school as well as during years of undergraduate degree I have always been an active participant in cultural as well as social activities. During the four years of Engineering I participated in various National Service Scheme(NSS) drives and led a team for cleanliness as well as tree plantation drives along with visits to old age homes. I look forward to working the same with student unions at the University of Lincoln during my MBA.

​				   	The summer of my final year at college was an amazing experience for me as I took responsibility to lead a team while undertaking the Government of India Swatch Bharat Summer Internship program. It was one of the most amazing experiences where I interacted with the local government body of the Village called the Gram Panchayat and carried out different activities for awareness. We conducted door-to-door visits which were one of the important parts of the internship as it is the way to directly communicate with the people and generate awareness in the households. I visited 30 households. The Gram Panchayat drain of 300m was cleaned by us with the help of few Gram Panchayat members.  A 'Cleanliness Fair' was arranged on the school premises. We arranged a small library for books on sanitation, social work magazines, and related material. The main event was a Street play which was performed by us in the village on the issue 'Water pollution and rural sanitation. It provided me with a sense of belongingness and how I can contribute in my small ways to society.

It was because of these social drives and internships I realized that having technical skills alone is not enough if I need to make a greater impact, I need to possess the most important skill of working locally as well as making a mark globally with my work. Having technical skills at my disposal I also wish to understand the management side of an organization and work in a managerial role. Managing and organizing the cultural fest of my college equipped me with skills of planning, teamwork, leadership, and multi-tasking. I wish to apply and make the most of these skills during the MBA course which will help me get the best of both worlds, technical as well as business. I feel The MBA degree at the University of Lincoln is one step towards that goal. 

​						My purpose of choosing the University of Lincoln for the MBA program is its quality education and strong industrial links. The modules of this program are created keeping in mind the industry standards. The most important part for me choosing this MBA is the course structure which will contribute to giving me a business perspective throughout the course. It will provide me with a perfect blend of technical, analytical, and leadership development skills. The core modules will help me in understanding global and industrial organizations in depth.  

​				After completing my studies I wish to work with an organization where I can apply what I have learned in my one-year MBA program and be a valuable asset to the company. I feel that the MBA course at the University of Lincoln will help me in achieving my goals of becoming an individual who is an asset in an organization having technical knowledge, communication as well a business outlook. Most importantly I wish to grow and make myself enriched with the knowledge I will gain in the university and to also contribute to the university and the program throughout the course.

